README.md, before:

# FCC Projects

Projects for freeCodeCamp will not be hosted on github pages, instead, I will leave them in my codepen.
Link to my [codepen](https://codepen.io/Romchy/)

[Front-End Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/romchyfcc/front-end-certification)

---

## [Simon's Game](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/ZrxqxM/)

Quite a complex project, playing with timeout's like this was definitely challenging, but at least I learned a lot :)

---

## [Tic-Tac-Toe](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/RQQEbq/)

A simple tic tac toe game.
~~In development.~~
Done!....-ish

---

## [Pomodoro Clock](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/eVexxp/)

Seems simple enough, I'm not really taking it serious, gonna prolly bite me in the ass.
Nope, I took it seriously in the end, was quite a fun project.
I even took the time to make it responsive.

---

## [Calculator](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/jZGXOG/)

Complicated.

---

## [Twitch API](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/vdZwJQ/)

Using twitch API to display active channels.
This one gave me some problems because I couldn't display items in order, so working around that was quite tough.
Even after figuring it out I don't think it works optimally.
It's hard to know where I get all the inconsistency, it must be the API which probably can't handle too many requests, unfortunately I can't lower them.

---

## [Wikpedia viewer](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/eVROGE)

Interesting project. Not really that much JS to write.

---

## [Weather app](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/RQVdvV)

~~I have barely started and I am already enjoying this project so much!~~

Very fun project, short and sweet :)

---


## [Random Quote Generator](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/NyjpEK)

Quick set up. Some styles. Nothing fancy.

NEXT!

---

## [Portfolio](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/aqpxzW)

I made a mock up of what a portfolio could look like, it's not on a professional level but more of a stepping stone to great design...perhaps

it was a fun project

---

Commit message:

adding finished game of life and updating the readme with altest projects

README.md, after:

# FCC Projects

Projects for freeCodeCamp will not be hosted on github pages, instead, I will leave them in my codepen.
Link to my [codepen](https://codepen.io/Romchy/)

[Front-End Certificate](https://www.freecodecamp.org/romchyfcc/front-end-certification)

---

## [Game of Life](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/RMqppx/)

Very complex logic behind this game, I learned a lot about passing functions and binding the this keyword in React

---

## [Recipe Box](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/QmVBYP/)

Very basic layout, logic and react state was the focus of this project and didn't really pay attention to styling.

---

## [Camper Leaderboard](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/oqyJwJ/)

When creating this project I had a bery poor grasp on state in React, but have since improved in that field, great learning experience.

---

## [Markdown Previewer](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/XEqzqa/)

Very easy project, the most complex part was figuring out how exactly to use the marked function from the library

---

## [Simon's Game](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/ZrxqxM/)

Quite a complex project, playing with timeout's like this was definitely challenging, but at least I learned a lot :)

---

## [Tic-Tac-Toe](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/RQQEbq/)

A simple tic tac toe game.
~~In development.~~
Done!....-ish (because I didn't use the algorithm but if/else logic and the style was not the focus of the project)

---

## [Pomodoro Clock](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/eVexxp/)

Seems simple enough, I'm not really taking it serious, gonna prolly bite me in the ass.
Nope, I took it seriously in the end, was quite a fun project.
I even took the time to make it responsive.

---

## [Calculator](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/jZGXOG/)

Complicated.

---

## [Twitch API](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/vdZwJQ/)

Using twitch API to display active channels.
This one gave me some problems because I couldn't display items in order, so working around that was quite tough.
Even after figuring it out I don't think it works optimally.
It's hard to know where I get all the inconsistency, it must be the API which probably can't handle too many requests, unfortunately I can't lower them.

---

## [Wikpedia viewer](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/eVROGE)

Interesting project. Not really that much JS to write.

---

## [Weather app](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/RQVdvV)

~~I have barely started and I am already enjoying this project so much!~~

Very fun project, short and sweet :)

---


## [Random Quote Generator](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/NyjpEK)

Quick set up. Some styles. Nothing fancy.

NEXT!

---

## [Portfolio](https://codepen.io/Romchy/full/aqpxzW)

I made a mock up of what a portfolio could look like, it's not on a professional level but more of a stepping stone to great design...perhaps

it was a fun project

---
